create readme (#2)
GSG-G7/handyman: README.md

# Handy-Man

## Team Leader: 
  * #### Abdallah Ammar

## Team Members:
 * Fadi
 * Hasim

>  * Mosa

Reviewer: Mossa

 * Fares

## The Problem:
  * The user need to fix problems with out waste of time.
  * The user need to know the professional handy-mans quickly to save his time.

## The Solution:

>   * The user can create an account on Handy-man App then browse the required handy-man page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The user can create an account at Handy-man website then browse the required handy-man page.
```

>   * The user can see profile any handy-man on Handy-man App and see his works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The user can see profile any handy-man on Handy-man website and see his works.
```

>   * The user can select handy-man and contact with him and hair him to get the required service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The user can select handyman and contact with him and hair him to get the required service.
```

## User Journey 

> the user should have an account and can search for a specific service then he select a handyman and chat with him then he can hire him and then he can fill the contract details and send it to the selected handyman and then wait the handyman to accept or declined the job and after the job id done the user can rate the handyman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the user should have an account and he can search for a specific service then he select a handyman and chat with him then he can hire him and then he can fill the contract details and send it to the selected handyman and then he wait the handyman to accept or declined the job and after the job id done the user can rate the handyman.
```

## user story:

> * As a user i can create an account 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a user i can create an account.
```

Reviewer: add fallstop at the end of each statement
